Add swap() tests (#152)
lambdaclass/yet-another-swap: scripts/utility/README.md

> This Readme explains the structure and process of passing the pool test cases from .sol to .cairo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Readme explains the structure and process of passing the pool test cases from the original Uniswap Protocol to a compatible and more readable cairo structure.
```
Also add a short explanation on why we are doing this.
